README.md, before:

# Hermes

A high-performance Go web content extraction library inspired by the [Postlight Parser](https://github.com/postlight/parser). Hermes transforms web pages into clean, structured text with high compatibility with the original JavaScript version while providing significant performance improvements.

## Features

- **Fast Content Extraction**: 2-3x faster than the JavaScript version
- **Memory Efficient**: 50% less memory usage
- **150+ Custom Extractors**: Site-specific parsers for major publications
- **Multiple Output Formats**: HTML, Markdown, plain text, and JSON
- **Pagination Aware**: Detects `next_page_url` (automatic multi-page merging pending)
- **CLI Tool**: Command-line interface for single and batch parsing

## Installation

### As a Go Module

```bash
go get github.com/BumpyClock/hermes@v1.0.0
```

### CLI Tool

```bash
go install github.com/BumpyClock/hermes/cmd/parser@latest
```

### Build from Source

```bash
git clone https://github.com/BumpyClock/hermes
cd hermes
make build
```

## Usage

### Command Line

```bash
# Parse a URL and output JSON
parser parse https://example.com/article

# Output as markdown
parser parse -f markdown https://example.com/article

# Save to file
parser parse -o article.md -f markdown https://example.com/article

# Custom headers
parser parse --headers '{"User-Agent": "MyBot/1.0"}' https://example.com/article
```

### Go Library

```go
package main

import (
    "fmt"
    "log"
    
    "github.com/BumpyClock/hermes/pkg/parser"
)

func main() {
    p := parser.New()
    
    result, err := p.Parse("https://example.com/article", &parser.ParserOptions{
        ContentType:  "markdown",
        FetchAllPages: true, // Note: merging not yet implemented; see README
    })
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }
    if result.IsError() {
        log.Fatal(result.Message)
    }
    fmt.Printf("Title: %s\n", result.Title)
    fmt.Printf("Author: %s\n", result.Author)
    fmt.Printf("Content: %s\n", result.Content)
}
```

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Go 1.24.6 or later
- Make (optional)

### Setup

```bash
# Clone and setup
git clone https://github.com/BumpyClock/hermes
cd hermes
make dev-setup

# Run tests
make test

# Run with fixtures
make run-fixtures

# Lint code
make lint

# Build binary
make build
```

## Key Dependencies

Our carefully selected Go dependencies provide the best performance and maintainability:

- **goquery**: jQuery-like DOM manipulation (industry standard)
- **html-to-markdown**: HTML to Markdown conversion (v1.6.0)
- **go-dateparser**: Flexible date parsing with international support
- **chardet**: Automatic charset detection for international content
- **cobra**: Powerful CLI framework
- **golang.org/x/text**: Official Go text encoding support

### Testing

The project includes comprehensive unit tests. Compatibility tests with the JavaScript version are planned. The `make test-compatibility` target currently references a non-existent package and will be enabled once the compatibility suite is added.

```bash
# Run all tests
go test ./...

# Test with coverage
go test -cover ./...

# Benchmark tests
make benchmark
```

## Architecture

Hermes follows a modular architecture similar to the JavaScript version:

- **Parser**: Main extraction orchestrator
- **Extractors**: Site-specific and generic content extractors
- **Cleaners**: Content cleaning and normalization
- **Resource**: HTTP fetching and DOM preparation
- **Utils**: DOM manipulation and text processing utilities

## Custom Extractors

The parser includes 150+ custom extractors for major publications including:

- News: NY Times, Washington Post, CNN, The Guardian
- Tech: Ars Technica, The Verge, Wired
- Business: Bloomberg, Reuters
- And many more...

## Performance

Performance varies by site and output format. See benchmark details in `benchmark/README.md`.

Latest benchmark (5 URLs from `benchmark/testurls.txt`):

- JSON output: JS avg 627ms, Go avg 629ms (parity)
- Markdown output: JS avg 173ms, Go avg 652ms (JS faster on this set)

Run the comparison yourself via `benchmark/test-comparison.js` (see docs in `benchmark/README.md`).

Running the bench with 1 url at a time JS comes out slightly faster than go but with twice the memory usage. In API scenarios and processing multiple urls at once GO leaps ahead with approx 20ms per request with around 60mb memory as the efficiency gains of reusing the same HTTP client and goroutines start to show their edge.

## Compatibility

Hermes aims for high compatibility with the JavaScript version:

- Same output formats and extractor definitions
- CLI commands and options are similar
- Next page URL detection is implemented

Note: automatic multi-page fetching and merging is not yet implemented; use the `next_page_url` field to handle pagination if needed.

## TODOs

### Multi-page Article Collection

The multi-page article collection feature is partially implemented but needs integration:

- [ ] **Integration**: Connect `collect_all_pages.go` with main parser pipeline
- [ ] **Configuration**: Wire `FetchAllPages` option to trigger actual multi-page merging
- [ ] **Pipeline**: Implement call to `CollectAllPages` when `NextPageURL` is detected
- [ ] **Testing**: Add comprehensive multi-page extraction tests

**Files requiring work:**

- `pkg/parser/parser.go` - Uncomment and implement `collectAllPages` method
- `pkg/extractors/collect_all_pages.go` - Already implemented, needs integration
- `pkg/parser/extract_all_fields.go` - Add multi-page logic to extraction pipeline

**Current Status:** Next page URL detection works; automatic fetching/merging does not.

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Add tests for new functionality
4. Ensure all tests pass
5. Submit a pull request

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Original [Postlight Parser](https://github.com/postlight/parser) team
- [goquery](https://github.com/PuerkitoBio/goquery) for jQuery-like DOM manipulation
- All contributors to the custom extractors

Commit message:

docs: fix library guide link

README.md, after:

# Hermes

A high-performance Go web content extraction library inspired by the [Postlight Parser](https://github.com/postlight/parser). Hermes transforms web pages into clean, structured text with high compatibility with the original JavaScript version while providing significant performance improvements.

## Features

- **Fast Content Extraction**: 2-3x faster than the JavaScript version
- **Memory Efficient**: 50% less memory usage
- **150+ Custom Extractors**: Site-specific parsers for major publications
- **Multiple Output Formats**: HTML, Markdown, plain text, and JSON
- **Pagination Aware**: Detects `next_page_url` (automatic multi-page merging pending)
- **CLI Tool**: Command-line interface for single and batch parsing

## Installation

### As a Go Module

```bash
go get github.com/BumpyClock/hermes@v1.0.0
```

### CLI Tool

```bash
go install github.com/BumpyClock/hermes/cmd/parser@latest
```

### Build from Source

```bash
git clone https://github.com/BumpyClock/hermes
cd hermes
make build
```

## Usage

### Command Line

```bash
# Parse a URL and output JSON
parser parse https://example.com/article

# Output as markdown
parser parse -f markdown https://example.com/article

# Save to file
parser parse -o article.md -f markdown https://example.com/article

# Custom headers
parser parse --headers '{"User-Agent": "MyBot/1.0"}' https://example.com/article
```

### Go Library

```go
package main

import (
    "fmt"
    "log"
    
    "github.com/BumpyClock/hermes/pkg/parser"
)

func main() {
    p := parser.New()
    
    result, err := p.Parse("https://example.com/article", &parser.ParserOptions{
        ContentType:  "markdown",
        FetchAllPages: true, // Note: merging not yet implemented; see README
    })
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }
    if result.IsError() {
        log.Fatal(result.Message)
    }
    fmt.Printf("Title: %s\n", result.Title)
    fmt.Printf("Author: %s\n", result.Author)
    fmt.Printf("Content: %s\n", result.Content)
}
```

See the [Library Usage Guide](docs/guides/library-usage.md) for more ways to integrate Hermes into your Go projects.

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Go 1.24.6 or later
- Make (optional)

### Setup

```bash
# Clone and setup
git clone https://github.com/BumpyClock/hermes
cd hermes
make dev-setup

# Run tests
make test

# Run with fixtures
make run-fixtures

# Lint code
make lint

# Build binary
make build
```

## Key Dependencies

Our carefully selected Go dependencies provide the best performance and maintainability:

- **goquery**: jQuery-like DOM manipulation (industry standard)
- **html-to-markdown**: HTML to Markdown conversion (v1.6.0)
- **go-dateparser**: Flexible date parsing with international support
- **chardet**: Automatic charset detection for international content
- **cobra**: Powerful CLI framework
- **golang.org/x/text**: Official Go text encoding support

### Testing

The project includes comprehensive unit tests. Compatibility tests with the JavaScript version are planned. The `make test-compatibility` target currently references a non-existent package and will be enabled once the compatibility suite is added.

```bash
# Run all tests
go test ./...

# Test with coverage
go test -cover ./...

# Benchmark tests
make benchmark
```

## Architecture

Hermes follows a modular architecture similar to the JavaScript version:

- **Parser**: Main extraction orchestrator
- **Extractors**: Site-specific and generic content extractors
- **Cleaners**: Content cleaning and normalization
- **Resource**: HTTP fetching and DOM preparation
- **Utils**: DOM manipulation and text processing utilities

## Custom Extractors

The parser includes 150+ custom extractors for major publications including:

- News: NY Times, Washington Post, CNN, The Guardian
- Tech: Ars Technica, The Verge, Wired
- Business: Bloomberg, Reuters
- And many more...

## Performance

Performance varies by site and output format. See benchmark details in `benchmark/README.md`.

Latest benchmark (5 URLs from `benchmark/testurls.txt`):

- JSON output: JS avg 627ms, Go avg 629ms (parity)
- Markdown output: JS avg 173ms, Go avg 652ms (JS faster on this set)

Run the comparison yourself via `benchmark/test-comparison.js` (see docs in `benchmark/README.md`).

Running the bench with 1 url at a time JS comes out slightly faster than go but with twice the memory usage. In API scenarios and processing multiple urls at once GO leaps ahead with approx 20ms per request with around 60mb memory as the efficiency gains of reusing the same HTTP client and goroutines start to show their edge.

## Compatibility

Hermes aims for high compatibility with the JavaScript version:

- Same output formats and extractor definitions
- CLI commands and options are similar
- Next page URL detection is implemented

Note: automatic multi-page fetching and merging is not yet implemented; use the `next_page_url` field to handle pagination if needed.

## TODOs

### Multi-page Article Collection

The multi-page article collection feature is partially implemented but needs integration:

- [ ] **Integration**: Connect `collect_all_pages.go` with main parser pipeline
- [ ] **Configuration**: Wire `FetchAllPages` option to trigger actual multi-page merging
- [ ] **Pipeline**: Implement call to `CollectAllPages` when `NextPageURL` is detected
- [ ] **Testing**: Add comprehensive multi-page extraction tests

**Files requiring work:**

- `pkg/parser/parser.go` - Uncomment and implement `collectAllPages` method
- `pkg/extractors/collect_all_pages.go` - Already implemented, needs integration
- `pkg/parser/extract_all_fields.go` - Add multi-page logic to extraction pipeline

**Current Status:** Next page URL detection works; automatic fetching/merging does not.

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Add tests for new functionality
4. Ensure all tests pass
5. Submit a pull request

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Original [Postlight Parser](https://github.com/postlight/parser) team
- [goquery](https://github.com/PuerkitoBio/goquery) for jQuery-like DOM manipulation
- All contributors to the custom extractors
